Reorganized gitlab pipeline trigger installation (#415)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/create-self-service-experiences/setup-backend/gitlab-pipeline/gitlab-pipeline.md

- See the [deployment example](./examples/run-service-deployment.md) for GitLab pipelines.
- Contact us through Intercom to set up a Kafka topic for your organization.

> - [Install the Port agent for triggering the GitLab pipeline](./Installation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install the Port execution agent to triggering GitLab pipelines](./Installation.md).
```
